look at the concentration I like that I
like that technique look at this that's
it that's heavy objects no color
oh my goodness a ladies day ladies day
another look at you see this all these
girls they do this you wonder now I know
we can do better than the man women can
do anything better than man move heavy
objects short distance is look at these
girl they got to figure it out push any
man on this boat because you
instead of in forums Oh a heck of a lot
cuter oh yeah by far
no look at that there's another one on
back there to mayhem with amberjack
season what you got over there man sums
matter with that rod spin bring it back
to the store